[Prince]
Previously on Billions...
[Katerina Brett]
The Olympic Games in 2028
are awarded to...
New York City.
-[all cheer]
-[Chuck] My guess is,
somewhere inside this
is a direct bribe of sorts.
A quid pro quo.
The Olympics.
You want to be on
the performance coaching team.
To run it.
Use my talents to turn
those athletes
into medal machines.
Done.
I can't stay.
You can come with,
but I have to go back
to the St. Regis to pack.
-Pack?
-Before the Games,
I need to spend time
in the mountains.
Yeah, but I thought
we were going to try here. Us.
The Olympics mean something
very different to me
than they do to you.
This is everything
I ever worked for,
and I need you
to do the work
and climb for the kiss.
Yes. You're right.
And I will.
[Chuck]
Prince didn't pull this off
all by his lonesome.
So we separate Prince
from his power base.
Let him fall like the smoke
from the fireworks
drifting down on this fine city.
[crowd cheering]
Prince, let's go. Wake up.
Get your shit on.
Time to go.
How cold is it out there?
We're not doing that.
Let's go, come on.
[sighs]
[huffs]
[Prince] I guess that's why
I hired Gabby Reece.
[Reece] The worst thing
that can happen
is a person gets comfortable,
and then they think the world
is a comfortable place.
You have to be comfortable
being uncomfortable.
You catch my drift?
I mean, otherwise,
you would think, like,
this pace is running.
But this is a jog.
Well, it's more like a walk.
It's a long run.
It's not a sprint.
Life is a sprint.
You just hope it's a long one.
When I do this for real,
when I run the original
marathon route,
it'll remind people
of doing hard things,
and the original meaning
of the Games.
The original run into Athens
was to bring a message
about a war
that was finally won.
And the messenger, he died
because his cardio was crap.
And you know what?
You haven't won a damn war yet.
Come on!
Pick it up!
[huffs]
-[seagulls squawking]
-[dog barking]
-All right.
-Okay, thanks.
There he is.
Good to see you, Mike.
We saved a seat for you.
[Prince]
Good to see you.
[Gayle]
Very impressive pace. Bravo.
I'm just trying to stay loose,
turn my mind off.
It's the closest thing I know
to meditation.
But this particular run has
a higher purpose, doesn't it?
I want to celebrate what humans
are capable of.
And, yes, when I do this run
in the summer months
before the Games begin,
I hope thousands join me
all around the world.
Millions, even,
just to help welcome the Games
to New York City.
But that is the purpose
of the traditional run, right?
People all around the world
get to carry the torch
to the destination.
But with you,
it seems very personal.
You seem, some say,
deeply invested,
maybe more than what
people are comfortable with.
So here's a question:
what, if anything, are you
trying to say about yourself?
And I ask that
because these Games
are for all
global citizens,
not just for
Michael Thomas Aquinas Prince.
[laughs]
Well, Gayle,
I could throw
the famous Roosevelt quote
at you
about getting in the ring.
But instead, I'll give you
some Dusty Rhodes.
Okay.
"Let me tell you something,
Daddy.
"I am the bull of the woods,
and it ain't my dream.
It's the American dream."
Now be careful you don't
accidentally get in the way
of a bionic elbow.
Duly noted. And ouch.
[laughs]
Is that the purpose
of the traditional run?
That people all around...
-[Chuck] Wow, look at that.
A couple of
bona fide heroes, huh?
Split times are no joke.
Especially into mile eight.
Really?
And for Prince
to stay with her...
that's no mean feat.
And the guy's got
a day job
with pretty decent
remuneration.
They ought to bottle
his sweat
and sell it for a million
dollars an ounce.
I'm surprised--
shocked, really--
to see you succumb
to the testosterone-infused
stylings of this guy.
You don't buy into him
carrying the torch
for all of New York City, then?
Oh, yes, of course.
The great man carries
the torch for us all.
Be a real shame
if the bull of the woods
got his big run canceled
and ended up hanging on a hook.
The question is, how?
What's the only thing worse
than not getting what you want?
Getting what you want,
but having it ripped
from your hands.
[laughs]
It's like I hired
my own twin.
[Prince] Anyone know
what "sic 'em" actually means?
It's a command originating
from the order for attack dogs
to seek,
to pursue with lethal focus.
Now, if you own a great dog,
a loyal dog,
a dog that would kill for you
on that command,
as every person here
would for each other,
you're very careful not to speak
that command loosely.
You save those words
for when the target is clear
and the moment
is exactly right.
The rest of the time,
you rein them in,
keep them fed
but not full,
exercised and ready to go.
Now, why am I giving you
this little canine chalk-talk?
Because the Olympic Games
are going to present
an opportunity
for maximal profits,
and so I want everyone here
to free up some capital.
Sell off that which
you've been holding on
for the same reason
a college senior
holds on to her
high school yearbook,
for sentiment and comfort.
And remember what it was like
when the future was brighter
than a shiny red F-150.
When you say
free up some capital...?
I mean sell the house,
go west and find the gold
before the next guy does.
[Victor]
Games open a window for sure,
but I don't want to dump out
of great shit
on some flyer.
To respectfully echo
that concern,
maybe some of us
could sit this one out.
I don't mind the bench.
Well, when you own dogs,
you feed them all,
but you save the freshest meat
for those that don't hesitate.
Find the best ways
into new plays,
and I'll back your move
with the main fund.
Targets will be transportation,
recommendation apps,
keycard entry systems,
personnel,
and hospitality start-ups.
Give Airbnb a good scare.
We're allocating
based on performance.
-Whose book has done the best.
-I'll be getting into--
Hold that thought.
Philip get first pick.
He's outperformed
everyone lately.
[Philip]
Thanks.
I'll take air travel,
aim to secure official airline
sponsorship for the Games.
I already started working
on Hypersonic,
a new high-tech
passenger airline
- that travels 3
- X  the sound barrier.
I've done the research,
and I'm in the process
of building a relationship
with the CEO.
Good. You can put Philip
in touch.
[Philip] I'm happy to let
Taylor go first if they want.
Take Hypersonic, I can see
you're emotionally invested.
I'll go with
self-driving cars instead.
Similar sponsorship
opportunities.
But next time I get first pick,
I'll be taking it.
No sympathy.
Okay.
Divvy up the rest.
Now, where my dogs at?
[all bark]
Sic 'em!
I don't think I've ever
actually seen
a rich, powerful man
enjoy it before.
Moments like this,
if you don't actually enjoy it,
what's the darn point?
Where do you go when you need
to breathe a little?
I have a wonderful library
on the first floor of my duplex.
Great old 78 player.
And a 60-year-old
Speyside single malt.
But your family's there.
That makes it
all the more pleasant.
Shit.
Hit me with the real of it.
I'm moving in with Chelz,
my girl,
and she wants me to get rid
my rooms at the Pierre.
I want to make her happy,
but I can't do it, not yet.
I'll move out and in with her,
but I can't actually
let the suite go.
So I was thinking you could let
me put them under your name.
I'd pay, of course,
off the books.
For a host of reasons,
primary among them
that I don't believe this serves
you or your relationship,
I say no.
I also say--
and I mean this--
if you ever find
you need a moment to breathe,
come on over to my place.
There's more than enough
60-year to go around.
[Rian]
I'll do it.
You can put the rooms
in my name.
Really?
I can tell that's what you need,
not a pep talk.
It's like at Brown,
they didn't lecture you
not to do Molly.
Instead, some students
gave you a testing kit
to make sure it's actually
Molly you're doing.
And they hope eventually
you'll just decide to quit.
God fucking bless them.
And you.
[Chuck] Well, I hope you're
enjoying the city, Miss Brett.
Or do you prefer Katerina?
We do not yet
know each other.
Then Miss Brett it is.
Thank you very much
for seeing us.
I'm a big,
big Olympics person.
-[chuckles]
-One of my first memories
was watching Klammer
on the downhill.
Couldn't believe the way
he got up in the air
yet stayed on the course.
Inspired me to try
to do the same
in my chosen field.
The Games mean something
like this to so many.
And I never tire
of hearing it.
The majesty,
the patriotic pride,
the striving for excellence.
That's all why I was so glad,
at first,
to know that they were coming
to New York.
From my understanding,
you wanted to stop them.
Oh, once I found out who was
bringing them to New York,
and whom he was working with--
a certain Colin Drache--
then, yes, I took action.
Not to stop the Games.
No, to protect them
from disgrace, from shame.
But this Drache is not the one
person involved with Prince.
He put together a top group.
Every important business leader
in New York.
Surely they are not all
"in on it."
They may not know every move
that Prince has made, but--
Every four years
the rumors start.
This is how I know the Games
are really about to begin.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Much more than that here.
You have a case
to present
against Michael Prince
and his group?
Let me answer that
with a question.
Do you believe an animal--
a bear, say--
can commit crimes
against nature,
even though that bear is only
doing what he was made to do?
-I do not.
-Ah.
Then you've never seen
such an animal
engaging in an activity
called high-grading, have you?
-Hmm?
-This is when
the bears are in the last stages
of hyperphagia.
They're eating twenty, thirty,
forty thousand calories a day
to ready themselves
for winter's hibernation.
Now in the beginning,
they catch a salmon,
they eat a salmon.
Natural. As intended.
Yes. But towards the end,
the bears are mostly full.
The supply could be cut off
and they'd be fine.
They'd sail through the winter.
But they don't stop eating.
Instead, they become very picky.
The bears grab the salmon
in their mouths,
they turn them inside out,
devour only the brain and skin,
and throw the rest away.
Now, they are gorging on
only the most choice bits,
killing because they can,
because they want to,
not out of need...
and leaving a giant pile
of mostly whole, skinned salmon
sitting there to rot
in the sun.
I'll admit this is
a disturbing image.
[Chuck]
It should be.
And Mike Prince
is one of those bears.
Society is the river,
the citizens are the salmon.
And now he wants the Games, too?
It's high-grading.
I understand
what you're saying.
I also understand
that it means
you don't have any
real evidence of corruption
or anything else.
When you do,
I will act
right along with you.
Until then,
I move forward.
[door closes]
"Until then, I move forward"?
Come the fuck on.
We break Prince off
from his friends.
That's how he loses the Games.
With a threat
to take their money,
a convincing
fucking threat.
-I can think of a few.
-Yeah.
There's one they're particularly
worried about.
Long promised.
Now we have to make it
come true.
We're going to tax
their asses.
Yes, we are.
[laughs]
Here they are, the A-Team.
[Krakow]
More like heroes of the city.
They cheered for me
when I walked into Marea.
Some people stood.
That's good.
I got invited to join Augusta,
-which is better.
-[Sruthi] Me too.
We should play a round.
Met Gala?
-Yep.
Love what I'm hearing.
It's what I expected.
Ah.
Miss Brett, welcome.
We are partners now.
Call me Katerina.
Congratulations
on your winning bid
and to this powerhouse
organization.
We're going to put on
a spectacular show.
I particularly love
this one-man torch relay
you have been training for.
This is already driving
huge traffic
to the ICS website.
Well, that was the intention.
We have all the city's
key real estate.
A whole array
of resources, really.
Which is why I have
assembled this group,
so I can deploy
each of their special gifts.
We already have
the entire bid office
converted to headquarters.
We're getting
right to work.
Just wait till you see
the extent of the plans
-I have in place.
-Oh, before that.
A word.
Your attorney general is telling
an ugly story of bribery.
[chuckles]
Don't they always?
Yes, of course,
as I suggested
when he came to see me.
-He visited you in person?
-He did.
And he had nothing
when pressed.
Because, as you know,
nothing untoward happened.
If that reveals itself
to be otherwise,
you and I will be having
a completely different
conversation.
[employees cheer and chatter]
[man]
Great job.
First gold medal
of this Olympic era.
-Nice work, guy.
-Use me as your Jim Kiick.
Follow behind
and get your yards.
I will.
-What's the thing?
-Philip nabbed 10% of AutoTelic.
Plus they're donating 500
self-driving cars
for athlete transpo
during the Games.
[Taylor]
Huge win.
The compressed timeline
to get the cars ready
means AutoTelic gets
the largest urban beta phase
in the history
of self-driving cars.
Good for all of them.
I need a huge fucking win.
Megan.
Shit.
Superhero stuff
right here in front of me.
Ah, I just worked a little
harder than the other ones.
Here's what I see:
someone with the rarest
of abilities.
And you inspire people.
You take them
out of their day-to-day
and give them
an injection of hope.
-I try.
-But you understand it.
I'm head performance coach
for the Olympics, and...
I'm trying
to build out my team.
And I don't want a bunch
of performance shrinks
who haven't been out there.
I mean, the thing is,
you have to really consider
every word when talking
to an athlete
who are trying to perform
at the highest level.
It's one thing to have a coach
yell at us,
but if I let you
into my psyche...
This is exactly
what I need to hear.
And why I want you
to be my partner in this.
I'm in.
Not while I'm playing.
Cool.
That's the sixth generation,
taken at the beginning
of the flight
when we found out that
9.5 Gs was a bit too much.
-G-LOC.
-No.
Too much for the plane.
The fuselage buckled.
Had to punch out.
-Maté?
-No, thanks.
The projections on your company
are off the charts.
Business is secondary.
I know aircraft.
Delta wing design,
new composite materials,
tri-spool configuration.
Commercial travel's
at the stagecoach phase.
Hypersonic will be like
locomotives.
Make the world crossable.
Make things possible.
That's how I got back
from Australia so fast.
And that was just
in the Mini Hype.
Does Mach 2.2.
The Symphony will do 2.8
with 75 souls aboard.
Which is why my firm's ready
to take a big position
at the opening tomorrow,
but I wanted to discuss
a bigger partnership.
Don't want partners.
Don't like them.
Sure, ones who don't know that
the single crystal nickel alloy
that allows your engines
to operate above melting point
is the key to your tech.
You know about
high-bypass turbofans.
My principal just brought
the Olympics to New York,
and we need the ability
to fly in teams, fans, fast,
from far and wide.
-From Tokyo in eight hours--
-Six--
Once you start flying
passengers, of course.
But before that,
you'll need a bigger market cap,
which will give you freedom
with your board.
-I can give all that to you.
-How?
By making Hypersonic
the official airline
of the New York Games.
Fuck me.
[chuckles]
We've got a hell of a lot
to talk about, my new friend.
Sure you don't want a maté?
Sure, I'll take one.
Azucar or amargo?
[rock music playing]
Gotta whip it.
Whip it good.
It's hard to get
the state legislature
to go against the people whose
money put them in their seats.
That's why they call it
whipping the vote. Never easy.
Plus, we only need the threats,
not the action.
It's got to be
convincing.
If we can get this cabal
of Prince's
to believe we're finally
going to close
the carried interest
loophole...
And that all
their capital gains
will suddenly
be considered income
at the state level, too.
That's a 22%
tax hit for them.
Cap gains is their very
lifeblood.
Truth is,
the people will love this.
We just have to remind
our state reps of it,
that there's some things more
important than deep pockets.
-How do you do that?
-Well, Dave,
some things haven't changed
since Hugh Carey put on
his first straw boater.
You go into their world,
you speak their language,
you solve their problems.
You offer them friendship.
Albany is as Albany ever was.
Instead of duckpin bowling,
you show up just when
they need the help,
when their constituents
are about to rebel
because their property taxes
have been raised.
And you help remind
those constituents
just how powerful
their representative is.
And, of course,
you do the bandstand circuit
of bar mitzvahs, confirmations,
christenings and the like.
Sometimes, you recreate
with these fine folks,
up in the deer stand
or on the lake.
And, most crucially...
you feel their pain.
So I know you must've
anticipated this part,
even as we scare them
with the state tax,
they don't have to pull support
of the Games.
They're rich enough.
They can move themselves
and their firms
out of state to avoid it.
Ah, now we're talking
about the interstate compact.
-Yep.
-Which is why
you're going to rope
the governors
of neighboring
and other likely states
into a dinner
to make that compact.
They're not going
to agree to something
as jacked up as that
over dinner,
no matter how good
the wine is.
They don't have to.
They don't even need to know
why they're coming to dinner.
They just need to come,
so give them a good reason.
Your guy's going to want
to be there, believe me,
or he'll be caught out.
We're bringing
an antitrust case
against medical monopolies.
These bloodsuckers
slowed down essential testing,
shunted off patient care.
They made money
off the pandemic.
Fuck Big Health!
Well, it's a slam dunk
with your constituents,
so you'd better
get your boss there.
And two other governors
have already committed.
And it's going to be
a hell of a meal too.
Yeah.
So I'll see you there.
Hypersonic.
Big plans for them.
They're positioned
and ready to go.
The elevator pitch is:
faster than the Concorde,
more accessible
than Jet Blue,
and safer than
your mother's Volvo.
Do I have your blessing?
-You seem convinced.
-I am.
Then I am.
[keyboard clacking]
You know the "four out of five
dentists surveyed" thing
about Trident being better
for your teeth?
Apparently
I'm the fifth dentist.
-Meaning?
-We need to hold up a sec.
On Hypersonic.
I haven't been able
to independently verify
the tech claims
in their literature.
I see.
Well, we can't wait.
I got clearance, and I want to
size up before the stock moves.
The sizing you're suggesting
goes outside usual
risk parameters.
Because we are-- I am--
taking into account guaranteed
growth from the Games.
Guarantees don't even work
when you buy mangoes online.
Look, big positions
lead to big wins.
Is the big win on Hypersonic,
or against Philip?
[resumes typing]
I'm tempted to stand here like
Siddhartha until you relent.
Sidd's father knew the kid
would stand there until he died.
You got more Govinda in you.
So we both know
you'll give it up
the second you get
lightheaded from hunger.
Oh, and the fifth dentist?
He caved and agreed
with the other ones.
We're completing the buy.
[typing]
-It's me.
-[Colin] Good evening, sir.
Well, uh, good day to you,
I suppose.
You're a tough man to reach.
Where the heck have you--?
Sat phone's
only on an hour a day.
Makes the untraceable
more untraceable.
-Protocol, you know.
-Fine, listen...
if there were inquiries,
would our status be solid?
Quite.
Untraceable. Everything's
locked, my friend.
Mm-hmm. Most everyone
who's fallen thought that.
Please. Amateurs.
Right.
You know her
better than I do.
Can I count on Katerina Brett
to stay locked
even if there's noise?
Oh, Michael, Michael...
Miss Brett is a mercenary type
who cares about a proper Games
above all.
She will not countenance
impropriety.
You understand?
So, in that way, yeah,
you can count on her absolutely.
-Boss--
-Oh, none of that. No, no.
You're no junior.
I paraphrase the modern
philosopher Steve Parish:
I am not the boss.
You are not the boss.
The situation,
that's the damn boss.
I didn't read Parish
at university.
Well, philosophy
was his sideline.
His main gig was lead roadie
for the Grateful Dead.
And his experience
on that long, strange trip
taught him,
you think you're the boss
right until the car breaks down.
At which point,
it is revealed
the carburetor is the boss.
Well, right now, the situation
is an uncooperative boss
who goes by the name
of Governor Sweeney.
He has a conflict
and won't attend the dinner.
He is willing
to come a different night.
No, that's the complication,
not the situation.
The situation is,
we need him there.
That's the driver.
That's the boss.
That's why
I'm bringing it to you.
Yeah.
[laughs]
You know, I bet old Steve Parish
would recognize
that Sweeney
is Buridan's ass...
caught between hay and water,
equally hungry and thirsty.
We have to convince him
to come our way,
or risk ending up dead.
...for that report.
Let's do more on this.
Our emerging action segment...
-[sighs]
-[Philip] Whoa.
You didn't just go big
on Hypersonic,
you went Snake River Canyon big.
I'm familiar.
Magic Valley region
of southern Idaho.
It's more of
an Evel Knievel reference.
The daredevil.
I've kept myself
in the dark about him
because his politics were...
The suits, though.
I'll admit I like the suits.
Colorful.
He tried to jump it.
The canyon.
Made him the most famous man
in America for a summer,
Ali excepted.
I assume Ali is always excepted
from statements like that.
The problem was,
Snake River Canyon
can't be jumped.
Not by a motorcycle.
So Evel built himself
a steam-powered rocket
called the Skycycle X-2
and tried to fly over.
And instead, the most famous
man in America...
Ali excepted.
...became the biggest joke
in America.
Whole nation watched
that Skycycle malfunction,
trip the parachute,
and Evel drift to the bottom.
His rep never recovered.
And you think Hypersonic
is the Skycycle.
I think it's unproven and
untested in just the same way.
And you came in here
as a compatriot to warn me,
not as a competitor
trying to dislodge me
from a winning position, sure.
This doesn't have to be
a competition.
If that were true, you
wouldn't be standing there.
I may not be rooting
for you to beat me,
but I am not rooting
against you, either.
A big win for you
won't do me any harm,
but you will screw everyone
if you take a big loss.
True in theory, yet
unlikely in practical terms.
You and I both know
your position is way too big.
For you maybe.
That's fine.
Stay safe at street level.
But as Mr. Knievel
might have put it,
I'm gonna rev my engines
and jump.
[sighs]
House rules?
Uh, this contains
certain unmentionables,
which will remain
just that.
Keep my paws off
the top drawer. Got it.
No, no.
The whole highboy.
And the armoire.
And the bottom shelf
in the bathroom.
And the top shelf
And the cabinet
over the toilet.
I'll just steer clear
of the bathroom altogether.
Not that I'll ever
be here anyway, but of course.
I'll reimburse you on Venmo
in varying amounts,
balancing it out
every three months.
Under "what it's for,"
it'll say "sports bet."
Ooh, better
mark those private.
Your gal could be stalking
your Venmo if she's suspicious.
-Stalking Venmo is a thing?
-It is.
Innovation sucks.
Could I maybe get your POV
on something?
It's slightly sketch.
"Slightly sketch"
is my nom de guerre.
You know what?
It was more
of an inside thought.
I get that.
I don't have as many of those
as I used to.
But I get it.
Governor, I need you
in the lineup tonight.
Oh, Chuck, I have to deal
with the Big Ugly tonight.
Everything the state legislature
hasn't voted on tonight gets--
Yes, reconciled,
voted on, decided.
-And you need to ratify.
-So you see--
No, I see
that you can do it all.
The Big Ugly doesn't wrap
until the wee small hours
of the morning,
and not even Nelson Riddle
could arrange it
so this excuse works on me.
And it is better for you
to be at this dinner.
If you don't go,
you will miss out on
this giant antitrust case,
which'll look bad for you.
[sighs]
I'm not as smart
as you, Chuck.
No.
So I can't outthink you.
So I got to use
my instincts on this.
And they're telling me
not to go to this dinner
because you seem
to want me there.
Why?
Huh? Why there?
Why then?
I just feel like you're
setting me up for something.
It's a trick,
and I'm just going to end up
looking like a schmuck.
-So, no, thanks.
-[sighs]
Fine. Don't go.
In fact, yes, I'll admit it,
your gut is right.
It might be best
for you to leave it to me
and the other governors.
Talk soon, pally.
-Wait. Hold it.
-Mm-hmm.
That was too easy.
You asked me to come
so I'd feel included,
but you follow up here
so I couldn't say later
that you should have told me
it was important to be there.
Ah-ha, you--
you don't want me to go.
And if I don't go,
I'm going to end up
looking like a schmuck.
-Ah.
-[chuckles]
Is that what I really want?
[music playing faintly]
[whirring]
Ooh, wait--
-It actually works.
-Yeah!
-Wild!
-[both laugh]
The night you gave this
to me...
It was the night before
the first company went public.
I found it in some
Sharper Image catalog,
or Hammacher Schlemmer, maybe.
The thought of us being like
those characters in Wall Street
was too funny to me.
We were too nervous to eat.
Never opened it.
Glad I kept this thing.
I mean, that would be sweet,
but I know you had someone
buy 20 of them
and stash them in every home,
just in case.
I still love that you
brought it out now.
Damn.
Well, I haven't ever
used it, any of them.
I know that too.
You're romantic.
Always have been.
Let me prove it to you.
Move in.
Move your stuff in,
at least.
Forget a hotel,
or some other apartment,
on your trips here
for the Games.
I'm here now.
What more do you need?
I need it all.
You know that's the reason
I did the thing, right?
Got the Games here
in the first place?
No, you did it to replenish
the energy
and relevance coffers
of New York City,
along with the actual ones.
Yeah. Both.
I'm not the kind of person
who would ever assume
that level of gesture
is for me,
even from you.
Which is why you warrant it.
And now you don't have
to assume.
We're a quorum. Good.
Let's begin.
I only came because you said
our futures were in the balance.
Oh, your lives are about
to change in a brutal way.
The carried interest loophole
is about to be closed.
[laughs]
[Lazarra]
Okay, Rhoades, sure it is.
You know, this happens
every few years,
but there's never
the political will to pass it.
Student loan forgiveness.
Free universal health care.
There are a lot of big ideas
in flux right now,
but the loophole
isn't one with teeth.
Ah-ha, but tonight
is a very special night.
Have you ever heard
of the Big Ugly?
No?
Well, it's the last night
of the legislative session,
when all outstanding business
is voted on and passed.
You see, the Assembly can't
call it a night until it all is.
And tonight there is an item
that I have jammed
into a certain bill
that will also be passing:
closing the carried
interest loophole.
You fucking kidding me?
-Jesus Christ.
-[Krakow] Hold on, gang.
No need to sweat
through your Speed Stick.
Loophole closes, it's easy
enough to move a residence
or office or a server
to Jersey or Connecticut,
or even Pennsylvania
for tax filing purposes,
because as Chuck well knows,
without a little something
called an interstate compact,
meaning if those other states
don't agree
to closing the loophole too...
we're in the clear.
[sighs]
What do you think
they're agreeing to right now?
Those governors,
with my second-in-command
locking it all in.
Oh fuck.
Yeah.
So you fund managers can
kiss your cap gains rate goodbye
and suck on
straight income tax.
But what's another 22% in taxes
between friends, huh?
Between city,
state and federal,
this now brings you
right up to 50%.
Oh, and you guys
who just invest,
don't think they won't pass
the pain along to you in fees.
A few billion bucks
between you all...
next year alone.
Welcome to fucking Cuba, kids.
But you're showing us
before it closed.
That's no accident.
Lazarra, you must be one
tough out at Russian roulette.
So, what do we need to do to get
the bullet out of the gun?
[rock music playing]
[woman grunting on TV]
Whoo! Yeah!
"I've seen better tennis playing
in a tampon commercial."
[Wags]
What the fuck?
Crap.
I needed to unplug.
Had to get away
from my roommate, you know?
Last time I had a roommate
was Chuck Sheen
at Promises in Malibu.
I don't have
a roommate either.
I needed...
[sighs]
I needed to think.
Or not think.
What are you stressing over?
You're 12.
You want to talk it out?
Unpopular opinion:
Youth makes stress worse,
not better.
Like, I don't know
what the fuck I'm doing
with a certain work matter.
I don't know if I should
trust myself.
Ah, a real problem.
Thus, the Cheetos.
Yeah.
I found something
on Hypersonic, and it's bad.
Full on, not good, bad.
But Taylor doesn't want
to hear that shit.
That's been made
abundantly clear.
So I don't know what to do.
I've already pushed.
They're the genius,
and I'm 12.
But this time they're wrong.
Is there a trade I can kill?
Too late. It's locked.
People who really know
about investing--
and I'm not talking about
cocktail party expert
bullshitters like me,
I mean real operators--
say, the bigger the position,
the more stress there is
on the research.
And if that research
shows a crack,
you better fucking
act on it ASAP.
If you freeze in the moment,
you're a corpse.
I can do it for you,
but the truth is,
you can't let your boss
eat a giant shitburger.
In the end,
they will blame you.
You've got to have the courage
to tell Taylor yourself.
[sighs]
Is this like a way for you
to sort of hedge your bet?
This place?
Because I was in a relationship
a while back.
We moved in together,
but we each kept
a locked-drawer file cabinet
in the name of privacy
and independence.
Some real Edgar Allan Poe shit
started happening
about what was in
each other's drawer.
I'm not going to say that's why
it didn't work out...
but it didn't work out.
I guess I'm saying,
hedging's for work,
not this.
And if I do it again,
it'll be open drawers only.
Not locked.
[cell phone vibrates]
Yeah.
[Scooter on phone]
Where have you been?
The whole world just blew up.
I need you to look past
my glowing complexion
and focus on
what you need to hear.
You're not acting on logic.
What am I acting on?
Jealousy.
The Hypersonic investment
is totally fucked,
and so are we.
Fucked how?
A small aerospace company
of a different name--
a front for Hypersonic--
secretly tested
the technology.
This highly pressurized
super stratosphere shit.
-And?
-Dalton's Law,
Graham's Law, Henry's Law.
There are major problems
with their tech
and aviation physiology.
Static pressure
at the altitude they fly,
resulting in pulmonary
hypertension,
clotting, embolisms.
They're trying to fix it,
but it'll take years.
And when people find out...
Here.
Then "bad" is the right word.
How deep is this link buried?
It took you long enough
to find it.
Don't even think about
pinning this "garbahge" on me.
I felt the spidey senses
tingling.
I tried to come to you.
You were having
some space cowboy moment.
You're right. Crap.
I got sucked in by that
Chuck Yeager-wannabe flyboy.
If I found it,
everyone else will.
Soon.
What do you want to do?
The second we make a move,
we'll alert the market.
It'll take a split second
to connect the dots
from us to MPC to the Olympics
back to Hypersonic.
This fucking stock
will go down to a price
that represents the company's
office furniture and phones.
There's no way to trade out
without taking a massive loss.
Yeah, no.
But sitting on it
could be even worse.
We're gutting ourselves
either way.
[hip-hop music playing]
Yeah
Yeah, I'm out that Brooklyn
Now I'm down in Tribeca
Right next to De Niro
But I'll be 'hood forever
-[loud knock on door]
And since I made it here
I can make it anywhere
Yeah, they love me
Everywhere
-Sorry to barge.
-Couldn't reach you.
Didn't want to be reached.
The phone was off for a reason.
Took it to my stashbox
560 State Street
Catch me in the kitchen like
A Simmons whippin' pastries
[turns music off]
And so it's clear
that there was a conspiracy
to bring the Games to New York
by whatever underhanded method
was deemed most expedient.
[Krakow]
Had we known,
and I speak for all of us
on this stage,
we never would have been
party to such malfeasance.
Yes.
We know Michael Prince
led the effort
and engaged in these actions
by himself.
These men and women
were unknowingly brought in
to an attempt to commit bribery
at a very high level.
You got to be kidding me, Mike.
It's B.S., Andy.
[Wags] Every friend
who betrayed you,
I'll hunt each and every one of
them down and skin them alive.
I'll do it because I want to,
and I'll do it for you.
Yeah, I appreciate it, but no.
I'm going to need them later.
Look, this is bad,
but it's not over
till the ICS says it is.
I need to talk to Katerina.
Thanks.
Not even Dollar Bill could help
me pawn it off anonymously.
No one wanted the block?
Spartan-Ives?
The Sovereign Wealth Funds?
-Some dumb Third World despot?
-They smelled it.
We're going to have to wait
until the market opens,
try to bleed it off
share by share.
No. We can't do anything.
Our hands are tied
as long as Hypersonic's
bound to the Olympics.
You going to tell Prince?
What?
That I fell prey
to first instinct fallacy
like some rube stumbled
on the monte table
along the midway?
-You outplayed me this time.
-[chuckles]
I pray to
the Good Lord in heaven
this is the last time
we have to hondle.
You're welcome, Todd.
As long as we're square.
That we are.
Thank you.
-[sighs]
-Well, they did their part.
Yep, I guess
I have a bill to pull.
Or we let it go to a vote,
see if it passes.
The Big Ugly's on our side.
If it goes through,
it would be New York's
most aggressive wealth reform
since FDR was
bankrolling La Guardia.
Could become a test case
for the nation.
The world.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, that's fucking tempting.
So I say we clock out
for the night.
Leave it to fate.
No.
No, if I do that,
break my word
to this camarilla,
I lose all future leverage.
And your future in the public
sector goes extinct.
Without an actual
interstate compact,
which was really
just a fancy-tasting dinner,
the whole thing's
toothless anyway, and...
and I have to be honorable
to my word.
Even in this.
So we pull it.
[sighs]
And then we take the office
out for a celebratory pop.
[sighs]
Pull the damn thing.
Yanking like
Pee Wee Herman himself.
We can work through this and
still do great things together.
You're looking
at the only man
who can bring the Olympics
to New York.
-Baseless charges.
-Utter bullshit.
Katerina, standing
against these tactics
is the only way we can protect
the Games from real corruption.
You should refer to me
as Miss Brett.
I gave this a chance
to go away,
but I am afraid the New York
Games are tainted now.
My statement is about to go up
on the ICS site.
After an unfortunate series
of developments,
the ICS has come
to the conclusion
that the 2028 Games
can no longer be held
in New York City.
Fortunately, after talking to
the organizers in Los Angeles,
they will be ready
to host the Games,
with brand-new sponsors
and renovated stadiums.
Man, that sucks
for our Mikey Prince.
Yes, it does.
But it doesn't suck for us. Me.
This news is our boarding pass
out of our fucked situation.
We can make a statement saying
that we're exiting our position
because Hypersonic
will no longer be
the official airline
of the New York Games,
since L.A. will make
their own airline deal.
We're going to take a hit.
Damn right we are.
But 10, 15%,
not 80.
This will be the story
long enough for us to evacuate
before the real news
gets out.
That their planes will
fucking hospitalize you?
Exactly.
[Philip] I figured there might
be one person at this company
who wasn't upset the Games
just went bye-bye.
I also figured
you'd need help unloading
the shares at the open.
Yes, another set of hands
would be good.
Good. These hands
are gonna start
by getting some coffee going.
[door opens and closes]
It's not the particular memories
in this place.
It's the idea that this is where
my memories happened.
But now, new memories.
And no secret rooms.
Or secret compartments
out here.
Or up there.
That's the idea.
Never did it before.
Never even tried.
Well, we'll try together.
Yeah, we will.
All in. It's time.
Before you got to go
Go, go, go
I wanted you to know
Know, know, know
You're always on my mind
-Hi.
I'd ask how it went,
but I saw the announcement.
Yeah.
Where you going?
My hotel. I need to pack.
It's an early flight.
I can change that, you know.
It is my plane.
I know, but I need
to get home and organized.
I missed too much time already,
and I need to start
booting things back up in L.A.
-Ouch.
-Sorry.
But...
I guess we're back
where we started.
In some ways.
In others, not.
Our thing's been dormant,
switched off for years...
because of distance.
Not just distance,
you know?
It's switched back on now,
unless...
I hate to say it,
but if this grand gesture
of yours was really about us--
It was, as I said.
I was trying to bend the world
to my specifications to do it.
Well, that's the way it goes
when you try and do that.
It doesn't work.
You used to say that
in the beginning with us.
Before.
It's gone my way
plenty since.
Yeah, I can see that.
But the world's
a beast sometimes.
You said you'd be
willing to travel
before you knew it was going
to be here, so...
Of course. I'll be in Colorado,
then L.A. every weekend.
Or every other.
Good.
I'll see you next weekend.
For sure.
Well, not next weekend,
'cause the fallout from this
is going to be...
I know.
I'll see you when I see you.
Call me when you get this
Before you got to go
Go, go, go
I wanted you to know
Know, know, know
-[hip-hop music blaring]
-[indistinct chatter]
[all]
Hey!
I be Spike'd out
I could trip a referee
Tell by my attitude
That I'm most
Definitely from
- In New York   - Hey, ah-ha
Concrete jungle
Where dreams are made of
There's nothing
You can't do
- Yeah   - Now you're in New York
Ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha
These streets will make you
Feel brand-new
Big lights will inspire you
- Let's hear it for New York   - You're welcome, OG
- New York, New York   - I made you hot...
Catch me at the X with OG
At a Yankee game
Shit, I made the Yankee hat
More famous then a Yankee can
You should know
I bleed blue
But I ain't a Crip, though
But I got a gang of...
Walking with my clique
Though
Welcome to the melting pot
Corners where
We selling rock
Afrika Bambaataa shit
Home of the hip-hop
Yellow cab, gypsy cab
Dollar cab, holla back
For foreigners
It ain't fair
They act like they forgot
How to act
Eight million stories
Out there in the naked
City is a pity
Half of y'all won't make it
Me, I got a plug
Special Ed, "I Got It Made"
If Jeezy's payin' LeBron
I'm payin' Dwyane Wade
Three-dice cee-lo
Three-card monte
Labor Day Parade,
Rest in peace, Bob Marley
Statue of Liberty
Long live the World Trade
Long live the King, yo
I'm from the Empire State
That's--
- In New York   - Hey
Concrete jungle
Where dreams are made of
There's nothing
You can't do